We created an innovative space that has a passion for electric racing and the adrenaline of betting, providing fans with a unique and immersive experience. Formula E is an all-electric single-seater motorsport category created to promote sustainable mobility and technological innovation. In partnership with Tech Mahindra, we had the opportunity to develop a technological solution that aims to increase the number of fans of this sport. We identified the most striking feature of Formula E in comparison to other disciplines: the "cracks" or "battles" in the races, which stand out for their intensity and the adrenaline they provide to spectators. Our platform only allows you to bet on your favorite teams and drivers, but it is also user-friendly and uses fake coins so you can participate. The more you watch live streams, interact in chat and share with your friends, the more coins you earn! To make the experience even more exciting, users who accumulate the most coins can win incredible prizes, such as race tickets, exclusive backpacks and dinners with the drivers. To promote this experience, we use NPC (Non-Playable Character) totems at Formula E events and in public environments. These totems will serve as points of interaction with fans, promoting our platform and offering information about the races. With an intuitive interface, you can follow statistics, live results and detailed analysis to help you with your betting.

collaborators
- Stephany Borzi Marques - RM 557351
- Albert Katri - RM 556564
- Bruno Dominicheli - RM 554981
- Larissa Rodrigues Lapa - RM 554517
- Nicolly Ramalho Bleinat - RM 555539
